---
ast_node: major
better_scoped_tls: major
binding_macros: major
dbg-swc: major
from_variant: major
jsdoc: major
preset_env_base: major
string_enum: major
swc: major
swc_allocator: major
swc_atoms: major
swc_bundler: major
swc_cached: major
swc_cli_impl: major
swc_common: major
swc_compiler_base: major
swc_config: major
swc_config_macro: major
swc_core: major
swc_css: major
swc_css_ast: major
swc_css_codegen: major
swc_css_codegen_macros: major
swc_css_compat: major
swc_css_lints: major
swc_css_minifier: major
swc_css_modules: major
swc_css_parser: major
swc_css_prefixer: major
swc_css_utils: major
swc_css_visit: major
swc_ecma_ast: major
swc_ecma_codegen: major
swc_ecma_codegen_macros: major
swc_ecma_compat_bugfixes: major
swc_ecma_compat_common: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2015: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2016: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2017: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2018: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2019: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2020: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2021: major
swc_ecma_compat_es2022: major
swc_ecma_compat_es3: major
swc_ecma_ext_transforms: major
swc_ecma_lints: major
swc_ecma_loader: major
swc_ecma_minifier: major
swc_ecma_parser: major
swc_ecma_preset_env: major
swc_ecma_quote: major
swc_ecma_quote_macros: major
swc_ecma_testing: major
swc_ecma_transforms: major
swc_ecma_transforms_base: major
swc_ecma_transforms_classes: major
swc_ecma_transforms_compat: major
swc_ecma_transforms_macros: major
swc_ecma_transforms_module: major
swc_ecma_transforms_optimization: major
swc_ecma_transforms_proposal: major
swc_ecma_transforms_react: major
swc_ecma_transforms_testing: major
swc_ecma_transforms_typescript: major
swc_ecma_usage_analyzer: major
swc_ecma_utils: major
swc_ecma_visit: major
swc_ecmascript: major
swc_eq_ignore_macros: major
swc_error_reporters: major
swc_estree_ast: major
swc_estree_compat: major
swc_fast_graph: major
swc_fast_ts_strip: major
swc_graph_analyzer: major
swc_html: major
swc_html_ast: major
swc_html_codegen: major
swc_html_codegen_macros: major
swc_html_minifier: major
swc_html_parser: major
swc_html_utils: major
swc_html_visit: major
swc_macros_common: major
swc_malloc: major
swc_node_bundler: major
swc_node_comments: major
swc_nodejs_common: major
swc_plugin: major
swc_plugin_macro: major
swc_plugin_proxy: major
swc_plugin_runner: major
swc_plugin_testing: major
swc_timer: major
swc_trace_macro: major
swc_transform_common: major
swc_typescript: major
swc_visit: major
swc_x_optimizer: major
swc_xml: major
swc_xml_ast: major
swc_xml_codegen: major
swc_xml_codegen_macros: major
swc_xml_parser: major
swc_xml_visit: major
testing: major
testing_macros: major
---

Bump
